doc(rocThrust, hipCUB): Add more notes about CCCL 3.0 support in changelog (#10024)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/hipcub/CHANGELOG.md

### Removed

> * hipCUB compatibility with PyTorch v2.9 and v2.10 has been removed in this release.  Please use PyTorch v2.11 and newer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* hipCUB compatibility with PyTorch v2.9 and v2.10 has been removed in this release.  Please use PyTorch v2.11 or later.
```
